Ensure that entire content of smokecurrent.log is written to
logs/smokecurrent/

In smoke-test configurations that only post reports via
HTTP::Tiny (but perhaps in some or all other configurations
as well), there were repeated observations that the content
of smokecurrent.log was not entirely copied to
logs/smokecurrent/log${SHA}.log.  The content would be
truncated near the end of the file.  (When verbosity level 2
was requested, this truncation would often appear in the
middle of a line.) smokecurrent.log is overwritten with each
subsequent smoke-test run, so if it is not archived
correctly we lack an accurate permanent record of what
happened in a given smoke-test run.

Analysis eventually showed that the source of the problem
was that the copying of smokecurrent.log was being done
while smokecurrent.log was still being written to by
tssmokeperl.pl (as called from within smokecurrent.sh).  So
it was likely that some of the STDOUT and/or STDERR being
redirected as tssmokeperl.pl was running was still buffered
in memory and not yet written to disk.  Hence, the copying
of smokecurrent.log for archiving purposes was being done
prematurely.

The general outline of the solution is as follows:

1. Modify Test::Smoke::Archiver so it is no longer
responsible for archiving smokecurrent.log.

2. When invoked by smokecurrent.sh, continue to have all of
tssmokeperl.pl's STDOUT and STDERR redirected to
smokecurrent.log.

3. Once tssmokeper.pl has completed, have smokecurrent.sh
invoke a new program, tsarchivelog.pl, which composes a
basename for logs/smokecurrent/log${SHA}.log and then copies
smokecurrent.sh to that file.  tsarchivelog.pl then appends
one record to logs/smokecurrent/log${SHA}.log indicating
that smokecurrent.log has been copied successfully.

This commit implements the solution above.  The source code
files significantly modified include Makefile.PL,
bin/configsmoke.pl, bin/tsarchivelog.pl (new), and
lib/Test/Smoke/Archiver.pm.

This commit does not attempt to implement any
Windows-specific functionality, nor has it been tested on
Windows, nor does it attempt to investigate whether there
are any problems in the bin/*.pl programs other than those
mentioned above.

In the course of work on this issue, one new test file,
t/app/101-archiver.t, has been added, along with dummy copy
files used by that test.  Certain housekeeping corrections
were made to .gitignore and MANIFEST.SKIP and 'make
manifest' regenerated the MANIFEST.  Because the author had
to install Test-Smoke in the course of working on this
problem, $Test::Smoke::VERSION was implemented, though the
maintainers may take a different approach.
