{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red106\green19\blue111;\red184\green32\blue34;\red131\green131\blue131;
\red59\green59\blue59;\red158\green27\blue165;\red37\green125\blue20;\red22\green68\blue68;\red180\green41\blue42;
\red50\green37\blue230;\red39\green29\blue168;\red82\green41\blue21;\red40\green123\blue96;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9600\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tqr\tx1200\tx1360\tx1440\tx1520\tx1600\tx1680\tx1760\tx1840\tx1920\tx2000\tx2080\tx2160\tx2240\tx2320\tx2400\tx2480\tx2560\tx2640\tx2720\tx2800\tx2880\tx2960\tx3040\tx3120\tx3200\tx3280\tx3360\tx3440\tx3520\tx3600\tx3680\li1360\fi-1360\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [15:04] 	\cf2 *\cf0 	waswas_ is now known as waswas
\f1 \

\f0 [15:05] 	
\b \cf3 jhannah
\b0 	dub: I think you need to open a Mac::Carbon bug  http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Mac-Carbon
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:05] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	unfortunately, i'm unable to repeat that work around on 10.6.1, so I get that infinite Install line by line verbose bug I suppose you could call it during moose
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:05] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	with that paste
\f1 \

\f0 [15:05] 	
\b \cf3 stevan
\b0 	dub: I suspect mac::Carbon is not happy on 10.6
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:05] 	
\b \cf3 daxelrod
\b0 	dub: 10.6.1 has multiple versions of perl installed, and only the 32 bit ones support Mac::Carbon. See http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/perl.1.html for how to change what version you're using
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:05] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	thanks, should I still report this bug?
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:06] 	\cf7 stevan\cf0 	sure, and post your solution so the author is aware
\f1 \

\f0 [15:06] 	
\b \cf3 daxelrod
\b0 	dub: Probably not. There's no such thing as 64-bit carbon in Mac OS X.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:06] 	
\b \cf3 chargrill
\b0 	dub: other people have reported issues to CNANDOR about that module, they appear to have fallen on deaf ears.
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:06] 	\cf7 stevan\cf0 	they can perhaps add it to the docs
\f1 \

\f0 [15:06] 	\cf8 daxelrod\cf0 	stevan: Oh, good point
\f1 \

\f0 [15:06] 	
\b \cf3 jhannah
\b0 	dub: also include perl -V
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:07] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	jhannah, where?
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:07] 	\cf9 purl\cf0 	jhannah, is that for teh wii yet?
\f1 \

\f0 [15:07] 	\cf7 stevan\cf0 	and your social security number, name of firstborn and checking account details
\f1 \

\f0 [15:07] 	
\b \cf3 jhannah
\b0 	dub: in the RT ticket
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:07] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	chargrill: there's activity in that RT queue 90 minutes ago
\f1 \

\f0 [15:07] 	\cf10 chargrill\cf0 	jhannah: my bad, it's been a while since i've looked
\f1 \

\f0 [15:08] 	\cf11 *	\cf6 jhannah\cf0  forgives you .... this time
\f1 \

\f0 [15:08] 	
\b \cf3 daxelrod
\b0 	dub: It used to be the case that File::Homedir required Mac::Carbon, and File::Homedir was used by Bundle::CPAN . I'm hoping that's no longer the case
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:08] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	to be honest this is a little bit over my head, ill try to submit a ticket with that pastebin I had above
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:09] 	
\b \cf3 jhannah
\b0 	dub: plus perl -V  :)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:09] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	should I run a perl -v and pastebin that?
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:09] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	-V not -v
\f1 \

\f0 [15:09] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	just "perl -V"
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:09] 	\cf8 daxelrod\cf0 	Correct
\f1 \

\f0 [15:09] 	\cf8 daxelrod\cf0 	Paste what that outputs in the bug report as well
\f1 \

\f0 [15:10] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	perl -V    kicks tons of stuff to your screen. Add .... yes
\f1 \

\f0 [15:10] 	
\b \cf3 jhannah
\b0 	dub: then show us the error you get when you try to install Moose  :)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:10] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	if it's looping show us the first 2/3 loops
\f1 \

\f0 [15:11] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	ok, it just says "Install" on each line and never ends, so capturing it is kind of tricky as it posts so many lines so quickly
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:11] 	\cf6 jhannah\cf0 	(Devil Sold His Soul)--
\f1 \

\f0 [15:11] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	i'm going to try and switch the 64 bit perl to 32 bit and do a Mac::Carbon, but I'm wondering if that's going to be problematic to other perl related issues :/
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:12] 	\cf4 dub\cf5 	from the link daxelrod posted
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:13] 	\cf7 *\cf0 	
\b \cf7 tjc 
\b0 (~tomasz@188-220-52-224.zone11.bethere.co.uk) has joined #moose
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf12 *\cf0 	\cf12 sri has quit (Read error: No route to host)
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf2 *\cf0 	autarch has changed the topic to: http://paste.scsys.co.uk | Moose 0.91 - Class::MOP 0.93 | Moose.git open for business - nopaste your ssh key for commit access | Subscribe to the mailing list! (moose-subscribe@perl.org)
\f1 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf7 *\cf0 	
\b \cf7 sri 
\b0 (~sri@p5B3CEE4A.dip.t-dialin.net) has joined #moose
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf13 autarch\cf0 	this release is mainly to fix KiokuDB/Search::GIN failures
\f1 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf12 *\cf0 	\cf12 sri has quit ()
\f1 \cf0 \

\f0 [15:17] 	\cf6 swartz\cf0 	If I wanted to treat dashes and underscores interchangeably in attribute names passed to a constructor,
\f1 \

\f0 [15:18] 	\cf6 swartz\cf0 	would BUILDARGS be an appropriate place for that?
\f1 \

\f0 [15:18] 	\cf13 autarch\cf0 	MultiInitArgs or BUILDARGS
\f1 \

\f0 [15:20] 	\cf7 *\cf0 	
\b \cf7 stoptypingnow 
\b0 (~stoptypin@4.78.248.3) has joined #moose}